Update README.md (#9)
Itai-Nelken/aptpac: README.md

## Daily builds

> Daily builds for x64 and armhf are now available, these can be found in the actions tab on the aptpac repo, once you have clicked on the actions tab, click on 'build-release' or 'build-release-armhf' then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Daily builds for x64, arm64, and armhf are now available, these can be found in the actions tab on the aptpac repo, once you have clicked on the actions tab, click on 'Build-x64', 'Build-arm64', or 'Build-armhf' then
```

click on the latest build with a green ✔️, scroll down to the 'artifacts' section, and click on the zip there.
keep in mind you need a github account to download them.

## Build checks

> Build checks for ARM64, ARMhf, and X86-64 are run for every commit and pr. you can see the status in the badges at the top of the README.

Reviewer: personal preference, but I prefer 'armhf' and 'arm64' (lowercase)

Author: it is actually meant to be in caps, and I think it actually looks better, however you choose!

Reviewer: I prefer lowercase
